docs: Added link to run tests (#3438)
coreruleset/coreruleset: CONTRIBUTING.md

Full documentation of the required formatting and available options of the YAML tests can be found at https://github.com/coreruleset/ftw/blob/main/docs/YAMLFormat.md.

> Documentation about how to run tests is on Coreruleset's [page](https://coreruleset.org/docs/development/testing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation on how to run the CRS test suite can be found in the [online documentation](https://coreruleset.org/docs/development/testing/).
```
